Add changes for OTA to the changelog (#1561)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: CHANGELOG.md

### Major Changes

>  - [#1547](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/pull/1547) This release updates the Device Defender demo to showcase reporting of custom metrics to the AWS IoT Device Defender service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [#1547](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/pull/1547) Update the Device Defender demo to showcase reporting of custom metrics to the AWS IoT Device Defender service.
```

>  - The v3.0.0 AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library is now generally available.

Reviewer 2: AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library v3.0.0 is now generally available.

Author: Done
